# THC-Hydra

Notes
-------
A very fast and flexible network logon cracker which support many different services.


Help Text
-------
```

```

Example Usage
-------

###HOW TO USE 
Stolen from Hydra's github [page](https://github.com/vanhauser-thc/thc-hydra/blob/master/README)

If you just enter `hydra`, you will see a short summary of the important
options available.
Type `./hydra -h` to see all available command line options.

Note that NO login/password file is included. Generate them yourself.
A default password list is hoever present, use `dpl4hydra.sh` to generate
a list.

For Linux users, a GTK gui is available, try `./xhydra`

For the command line usage, the syntax is as follows:
 For attacking one target or a network, you can use the new `://` style:
```  
  hydra [some command line options] PROTOCOL://TARGET:PORT/OPTIONS
```
 The old mode can be used for these too, and additionally if you want to
 specify your targets from a text file, you *must* use this one:
```
  hydra [some command line options] [-s port] TARGET PROTOCOL OPTIONS
```

Via the command line options you specify which logins to try, which passwords,
if SSL should be used, how many parallel tasks to use for attacking, etc.

PROTOCOL is the protocol you want to use for attacking, e.g. ftp, smtp,
http-get or many others are available
TARGET is the target you want to attack
OPTIONS are optional values which are special per PROTOCOL module

####FIRST - select your target
 you have three options on how to specify the target you want to attack:
 1. a single target on the command line: just put the IP or DNS address in
 2. a network range on the command line: CIDR specification like `192.168.0.0/24`
 3. a list of hosts in a text file: one line per entry (see below)

####SECOND - select your protocol
 Try to avoid telnet, as it is unreliable to detect a correct or false login attempt.
 Use a port scanner to see which protocols are enabled on the target.

####THIRD - check if the module has optional parameters
 `hydra -U PROTOCOL`
 e.g. `hydra -U smtp`

####FOURTH - the destination port
 this is optional! if no port is supplied the default common port for the
 PROTOCOL is used.
 If you specify SSL to use (`-S` option), the SSL common port is used by default.


If you use `://` notation, you must use `[` `]` brackets if you want to supply
IPv6 addresses or CIDR (`192.168.0.0/24`) notations to attack:
```
  hydra [some command line options] ftp://[192.168.0.0/24]/
  hydra [some command line options] -6 smtp://[2001:db8::1]/NTLM
```

Note that everything hydra does is IPv4 only!
If you want to attack IPv6 addresses, you must add the `-6` command line option.
All attacks are then IPv6 only!

If you want to supply your targets via a text file, you can not use the `://`
notation but use the old style and just supply the protocol (and module options):
```
  hydra [some command line options] -M targets.txt ftp
```

You can supply also port for each target entry by adding `:<port>` after a
target entry in the file, e.g.:
```
  foo.bar.com
  target.com:21
  unusual.port.com:2121
  default.used.here.com
  127.0.0.1
  127.0.0.1:2121
```

Note that if you want to attach IPv6 targets, you must supply the `-6` option
and *must* put IPv6 addresses in brackets in the file(!) like this:
```
  foo.bar.com
  target.com:21
  [fe80::1%eth0]
  [2001::1]
  [2002::2]:8080
  [2a01:24a:133:0:00:123:ff:1a]
```

###LOGINS AND PASSWORDS
--------------------
You have many options on how to attack with logins and passwords
With `-l` for login and `-p` for password you tell hydra that this is the only
login and/or password to try.
With `-L` for logins and `-P` for passwords you supply text files with entries.
e.g.:
```
  hydra -l admin -p password ftp://localhost/
  hydra -L default_logins.txt -p test ftp://localhost/
  hydra -l admin -P common_passwords.txt ftp://localhost/
  hydra -L logins.txt -P passwords.txt ftp://localhost/
```
Additionally, you can try passwords based on the login via the `-e` option.
The `-e` option has three parameters:
```
  s - try the login as password
  n - try an empty password
  r - reverse the login and try it as password
```

If you want to, e.g. try "try login as password and "empty password", you 
specify `-e sn` on the command line.


But there are two more modes for trying passwords than `-p`/`-P`:
You can use text file which where a login and password pair is seperated by a colon,
e.g.:
```
  admin:password
  test:test
  foo:bar
```

This is a common default account style listing, that is also generated by the
dpl4hydra.sh default account file generator supplied with hydra.
You use such a text file with the `-C` option - note that in this mode you
can not use `-l`/`-L`/`-p`/`-P` options (`-e` nsr however you can).
Example:
```
  hydra -C default_accounts.txt ftp://localhost/
```

And finally, there is a bruteforce mode with the -x option (which you can not
use with -p/-P/-C):
  `-x minimum_length:maximum_length:charset`
the charset definition is 'a' for lowercase letters, 'A' for uppercase letters,
'1' for numbers and for anything else you supply it is their real representation.
Examples:
```
  -x 1:3:a generate passwords from length 1 to 3 with all lowercase letters
  -x 2:5:/ generate passwords from length 2 to 5 containing only slashes
  -x 5:8:A1 generate passwords from length 5 to 8 with uppercase and numbers
```

Example:
```
  hydra -l ftp -x 3:3:a ftp://localhost/
```


###SPECIAL OPTIONS FOR MODULES
---------------------------
Via the third command line parameter (TARGET SERVICE OPTIONAL) or the `-m`
commandline option, you can pass one option to a module.
Many modules use this, a few require it!

To see the special option of a module, type:
```
  hydra -U <module>
```
e.g.
```
  ./hydra -U http-post-form
```

The special options can be passed via the -m parameter, as 3rd command line
option or in the `service://target/option` format.

Examples (they are all equal):
```
  ./hydra -l test -p test -m PLAIN 127.0.0.1 imap
  ./hydra -l test -p test 127.0.0.1 imap PLAIN
  ./hydra -l test -p test imap://127.0.0.1/PLAIN
```

Links
-------
[THC-Hydra minisite](https://www.thc.org/thc-hydra/)

[THC-Hydra Github project](https://github.com/vanhauser-thc/thc-hydra)
